Sunday School



Join us at Sunday school every Sunday after story time in the main service! We offer fun educational games and crafts for children ages 3+ to learn more about Jesus.

Our teachers are passionate about teaching about Jesus, love children, and enjoy meeting new friends!



Karen Refugee Sponsorship Program

Our Church has welcomed Karen refugees into our midst and are currently ion the process of sponsoring a family to come from the refugee Camp in Thailand to Canada. Please help us bring Eh Kaw and her family to Canada. 

The Karen or Kayin People refer to a number of Sino-Tibetan language ethnic groups from southern Burma. Approx. 7% of total Burmese population and 85% of Karen are Buddhist. All Karen are persecuted because they are a minority but even more-so if Christian. Although the Burmese civil war began in 1948, the after effects seem to be calming down.

Although, there are still deep-seated feelings of hostility towards the Karen people with the military regime being one of the world’s most repressive and abusive groups.


Bible Study

We will have a small group bible study on Wednesday nights from 7:00-9:00pm. All are welcome to participate as we study creation health. In this study, running from June 21st-August 9th, we are leaning through scripture how to live the healthy lives God has called us to.

We encourage all participants to lay all their insecurities, and shame at the door, and learn about God and the things He has provided for us.

This group will support one another as we learn and grow in our health journeys. If you are interested in joining us, please contact Zayal Sirdar by phone or email:

Zayal Sirdar

780-454-1347

zionsummer@gmail.com



Youth Programs

Zion Baptist Church of Kensington has a wide variety of programs for the whole family. We provide childcare on Sunday mornings as part of our church ministry. We also have a youth group for older children on Thursday evenings, and a bible study small group on Wednesday
evenings.

Youth Group Thursdays

(7:00 pm – 9:00 pm)

English Youth Group

Our Youth Group meets on Thursday evenings at 7:00pm – 9:00pm. Our youth group ranges in age from 13-22yrs. All are welcome to join us as we learn more about God, and grow deeper in our understanding of His word.

